this first tip that I'd like to share is
great for you paper crafters who like to
use pages from old books now most of us
take our scotch tape we lay it on the
page and then we lift the copy off so
that we can then further embellish now
you know that you're going to you're
going to end up with stacks of scotch
tape that look like this and that's
great but there are some other things
that you can use like these lint rollers
and what you do is you just lay that on
the page and you can lift your coffee
the same way now it might take two or
three sheets depending on the type of
lint roller you're using but it works
just as great keep in mind that your
lint rollers have different degrees of
stickiness so experiment and have this
next tip is really great if you're
preparing just to stamp for a class or
if you're preparing for a group of
girlfriends I like to take these ribbon
containers that you get from the angel
company with your ribbon in them and I
put all of their little supplies right
inside here that they'll use for project
like their little flowers any hardware
and I put it right in the case so it's
all nice and organized another thing
that I love to use for classes are these
little mini glue dots if you've never
tried these they're great you can easily
just pull back the sheet here if you
want to apply it but play it to the back
of a button it sticks right onto the
back and in this case I took a little
gem stone and I've already pre applied a
little glue dot there and I can pop it
right in there and it's ready for my
page quick and easy and no doubt we
already know that all of us paper
crafters have scrap boxes well I keep a
special scrap box that has a lot of
rejects in it or parts like this where
got the negative left from something
that I cut with my die cutter and it's
great when I'm working on projects for
example I just laid this on here and
then you can take your stipple brush and
brush right inside there to get an
effect like this so great to use right
there but leave all your scraps handy
because these are great for your
customers for your girlfriends for your
children to come in and find something
and who knows they can make trash to
treasure this next tip is very important
for someone like myself who if I have
something in a storage container behind
closed boxes I forget that I have it so
I keep all of my pencils stored out in
the open like this where they're easy to
see easy to remember easy to utilize and
this is how I store my Copic markers I
keep them in this is a just a little
utensil Tony Kart and I keep my copics
in here and then I always use the brush
side so that's the side that I store
down like most paper crafters I'm always
looking for trash that I can make a
treasure in cases like this this is a
plastic pen holder that we get from a
vendor that just end up in the trash so
what I do is I take a piece of paper and
I cut it down to size I put a layer of
clear gesso on it and then I wrap it
around the container because I like to
have pretty pencil holders and when my
my girlfriends come in to stamp with me
I like them to have a little pretty
container for their work area too and
then I take these little i might add
little balls to it or just fun little
trim I'll put on the top maybe little
beads can go up here or even these fun
little feather boas that were great
right around the rim of a cup or a can
that you can get from your craft store
another great thing for trashed
treasure is this though is the lid of a
CD case and this is something that I
made for my daughter now I didn't cover
it with paper because she likes to see
what's inside her 10 but she also wants
her things to be pretty too so I just
add a little bit of trim to it that
matches my more mimi de por and for my
nieces and nephew I can do simple things
for them as well so take your unsightly
trash and add a little bit of paper and
you have trash to treasure
you